# code-samples-for-Davidson-Bock

# Project 0: Banking App
This project simulates a banking application. In this application, a user is able to log in or sign up. Validation is a key feature where a user can only log in if they enter the correct credentials. For signing up, a user's username has to be unique. Once a user is able to log in, they have an option to create a bank account (checking, savings, or credit). A user is can then select any of their bank accounts to withdraw from or deposit to. If a user attempts to withdraw more money in an account than they currently have, the application will present an error.

# Project 1: Reimbursment App
This project is a full stack application where a user can submit a reimbursment for a particular topic (food, travel, lodging, etc) with the amount they wish to reimburse for. A user can also view their pass reimbursments and check whether it has been approved or not. A different type of user (a manager) can log in a view the pending reimbursment requests and can either approve it or deny it.

# Project 2: Movie Fanatics 
MovieFanatic is a dynamic web application with an intuitive user interface that allows both guests and logged in members to the website to view a featured movie, the most popular movies, best reviewed movies of the year, comedies and dramas all on the home page. When a movie is selected, the user is brought to the movie view, where everything from the director, producers, and cast to the tag line, imdb and rotten tomatoes scores, plot summary and more is available to see. Click on a director, actor or producer in the movie view, and you are taken to a different view, where you can see an actor or director’s profile image, birthdate, popularity, and biography. Below there is also a display showing the movies that the actor or director has appeared in. Throughout the application, there is a search bar near the top of the page where users can search for any movie by title, as well as actors and directors by name. Once logged in, additional features are available to the user such as rating a movie, adding a movie to a favorite list and adding reviews for each movie.

# Project 3: Caliber 
Caliber is a performance management suite to collect and analyze evaluations of Revature trainees. Trainers can input grades and feedback for each of their trainees. The quality department can input their evaluations on the batch of trainees. Trainers and quality personnel can comment on a trainee's profile. The Caliber suite also provides a variety of reports on different levels of granularity using visual dashboards and tabular data. Users can generate individual and batch PDF reports to distribute to clients, trainees, and other stakeholders.
